# Day 6:** Describe your dream vacation destination.

## Original - 20231228
Japan, the dream vocation destination for me.

I have went to Japan for traveling with my family twice. First one to 冲绳, go to the seaside and the 水族馆. The second one to 高山, go to the mountain in winder for the snow scenes.

I still remember my dream in colleague. In an English class, the teacher let each student describe his dream to all. I said, I want to go around the world, that is my dreams for years. What surprises me is that I found most of us have the same dream as me. Maybe it’s so called as a dream, because most of us think it will always be a dream too hard to be turned into reality.

It’s true. After graduation. When you have time, you don’t have money. When you have money, you don’t have time. Only a few years you have them both, and we take the chance to France, Germany, Switch, Italy, Thailand, Korea, USA and Japan. No much compare with my dream. Within those countries, Japan is my favorite one.

I have a long list of the impressive things of Japan. 
- Culture: Japanese are very pilot and friendly, every thing is in well order
- Infrastructure: The infrastructure is so good, public transportation, tourism guidance are very clear and 便捷
- Environment: Always tidy and clean, especially in the countryside
- History: The history are well preserved with respected. The best practice on the harmonious between the tradition and modernity.
- Food: The food is fresh especially for the 生鱼片, delicious 

Any the most impressive traveling for me is also in Japan 合掌村 in Jan, 2017. When we get off the bus, I met the heaviest snow in my life. Every thing goes white, it is incredible beautiful. If there is a chance, I’d like to go travel in Japan again, Fuji mountains, ssosi, 温泉… a lot of things to exploring.