# AI
>And it’s clearer than ever how AI can be used to improve access to education, mental health, and more. It motivates me to make sure this technology helps reduce—and doesn’t contribute to—the awful inequities we see around the world. I've always been a firm believer in the power of innovation to offer every child an equal chance to survive and thrive. AI is no exception.

>There’s no question these are challenging times, but I remain optimistic about the future. The speed of innovation has never been faster.

>My work has always been rooted in a core idea: Innovation is the key to progress. It’s why I started Microsoft, and it’s why Melinda and I started the Gates Foundation more than two decades ago.

>- **Can AI combat antibiotic resistance?** Antibiotics are magical in their ability to end infection, but if you use them too often, pathogens can learn how to ignore them. This is called antimicrobial resistance, or AMR, and it is a huge issue around the world—especially in Africa, which has the highest mortality rates from AMR. Nana Kofi Quakyi from the Aurum Institute in Ghana is working on an AI-powered tool that helps health workers prescribe antibiotics without contributing to AMR. The tool will comb through all the available information—including local clinical guidelines and health surveillance data about which pathogens are currently at risk of developing resistance in the area—and make suggestions for the best drug, dosage, and duration.
>
>- **Can AI bring personalized tutors to every student?** The AI education tools being piloted today are mind-blowing because they are tailored to each individual learner. Some of them—like [Khanmigo](https://www.khanacademy.org/khan-labs) and [MATHia](https://www.carnegielearning.com/solutions/math/mathia/)—are already remarkable, and they’ll only get better in the years ahead. One of the things that excites me the most about this type of technology is the possibility of localizing it to every student, no matter where they live. For example, a team in Nairobi is working on [Somanasi](https://kytabu.africa/somanasi/), an AI-based tutor that aligns with the curriculum in Kenya. The name means “learn together” in Swahili, and the tutor has been designed with the cultural context in mind so it feels familiar to the students who use it.
